Just before we start building our for, you need to understand what it is we building and in order to
understand what it is we building, obviously we need to understand what the full each method is meant
to accomplish at its core for each method is just the way to loop through your array, and iOS six introduced
the array for each method.
What you do is you call this method on your right.
And when you do, you have to pass in the callback function to run on each iteration of the loop.
And just in case you're wondering, a callback is just a function that is only executed after another
function is finished executing, hence the word callback.
OK, so we know the for each method requires us to pass in a callback function, and this callback function
exists two main arguments.
Well, actually, it accepts three arguments, but the third argument is an array that you wanting to
iterate through.
So I've never had to use it.
So I'm just going to concentrate on the two main arguments that you pass into this callback function.
The first is the value of the current item in the loop.
And the second is the index of that item, and you can name these variables.
Anything you want, that is what the callback function is going to take and we going to have to build
this dynamically from the beginning, which you'll see in a moment.
And just taking a step back, just remember that the for each method is a method applied to the array
prototype.
We saw this when we had to see whether it's natively supported.
We accept the array prototype for each method and for each is just a way for us to get through an array.
And JavaScript is a very curious beast because there are so many different ways to accomplish the same
task.
And it's also awesome like that because as developers, it gives us a lot of flexibility to use what
we think is best.
What this means is that the for each method is not just the only method we can use to loop through arrays.
We've also got the full method.
We've got four and we've got four of and we've even got others.
But the for each method does come with a little caveat it only works on arrays.
So if you actually want to count or you wanting to access loops on an object, then the for each probably
isn't going to be your friend.
And the other thing with four is that some developers argue that it's suffers performance issues, a.k.a.
it's low.
And if this is a concern to you, then you can get around that.
You can use libraries like Mohnish, and I don't want us to get into LearnDash now, but it's basically
just a utility library in JavaScript that lets us do a lot of common things, such as looping through
arrays and the codes written in a way that's very, very efficient.
Performance efficient, very fast.
OK, well, if you're anything like me, reading a bunch of words on a screen isn't really helping to
understand what a fool it is.
So before we start building our for, let me just show you what a fool is by showing you an example,
and then we can dive straight into it by building our very own poly form.
Let's just look at a quick example.